Adding docs for userroles and permissions on user management dashboard. (#752)
supertokens/docs: v2/emailpassword/user-roles/creating-role.mdx

Roles must be ceated before they can be assigned to users
:::

:::tip

> Roles can also be created from the user management dashboard, to know more about how to manage your user roles and permissions from user management dashboard look <a href="/docs/userdashboard/managing-user-roles-and-permissions" target="_blank">here</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Roles can also be created from the user management dashboard. To know more about how to manage your user roles and permissions from user management dashboard see <a href="/docs/userdashboard/managing-user-roles-and-permissions" target="_blank">this page</a>.
```

> Roles can also be created from the user management dashboard, to know more about how to manage your user roles and permissions from user management dashboard look <a href="/docs/userdashboard/managing-user-roles-and-permissions" target="_blank">here</a>

Author: done
